All right now it's time to write and if you look at the seas of your writer you will see how we could
write into a file into the file.
And that's a little abstract So let's look at some examples because if we scroll down we can find examples.
14:1 five reading infile examples of reading a file writing a file.
So this one seems to be pretty simple where it says imports.
V open it sees v file then moët is going to be W. which means I'm right and then right Christi's VIF
rider and right.
Row So this will pretty much write a amount of rows of multiple rows at once.
But there is also this method called right row which will just write one row at a time.
OK so we can actually copy this code here and go back to our example and we can create a new method
because we want to have a method for saving right.
So I'd say let's call this math on safe.
So on save.
And for now I'm going to pass or actually I'm going to pass.
I'm going to write this straight away.
So what is the name of the file that we want to write to.
I'm going to say students C is v.
Now it's going to be right out.
New line we can leave that as is and everything else as well.
So now instead of writing rows I just want to write one row.
And how do I just write one row.
Well I need to have the actual row that I want to store and if we look at the role that we have.
So we had this in here read before.
So let's check that out real quick.
We had this print roll thing where it printed every single row and you look at it you can see that arrow
is actually a list of items.
And that's exactly what we could do so we could get the entry of every single item in a particular row
store that in a list and then just save that list.
So unsafe we could just write that particular list.
So how about we just test that for a second and right into our students see B or C S V.
Now in this case I'm going to do that.
And that's something that you should not do if you run a big application.
So at least you should not do that when you use a file that has plenty of data you could use a new file
which is empty Would you create yourself in order to test that but I'm just going to test that for this
video where I'm just going to have a couple of entries John.
And actually let's say Dennis one you and math.
So I'm just going to keep it simple and safe.
I need to implement on safe so self-taught you.
I thought safe button that clicked that connects on here I'm connecting the save button to this on Save
method.
And here again I don't need to call and I actually just need the name of the method.
OK so let me save that and let's just see if it writes something into my file so just press save.
And now let's check out the student CCV file and you can see Dennis Danuta math.
So it created these entries.
And now if I rerun my application I will see that there is only one new entry which is then is Pundita
math.
All the other entries that we had before was pretty much overwritten That's why I said never do that
in an actual project just for this purpose here.
In order to display it to you you could of course say I don't want to use it right mode.
I just want to use append mode and that will pretty much just append a new entry.
So if I say that and run it again and press the save button multiple times and I go into my students
file you can see that I appended it multiple times here.
So I didn't rewrite the whole file in here.
Now there is something missing in my writer because I'm just saying OK right onto this F which is our
file that we have opened so I can recall or rename it.
Maybe it's a little more readable.
If I do so I'm going to call this file.
But then we can also add two more arguments in here which is the delimiter.
And I'm going to say the delimiter should be a comma as we always had.
And it was already as you can see here the delimiter was a comma.
But just to really specify that I'm just going to do that.
So for you to see that you could actually use a different delimiter for example a semi-colon or an empty
space or something like that.
And then the quote character so quote char will just be the quotation mark.
So here I use a single quote and then I use quotation marks.
OK.
So now instead of writing my predefined row I want to get the actual data.
So how do I do that.
Well I can get that from the row content and I can do the following.
So I can just say Rose is going to be self-taught UI that students table that row count and now called
this rows.
You can of course call that row count as well as we did in the past.
Maybe it's better to call it row count.
I'm just going to say row count and now I want to go through a range of 0 to row count.
So I want to go through every single row and in every single row I want to create a new row constant
entry.
So there is this variable.
It's a local variable just for this for loop which is row content.
And what I want to do is I want to enter some values in here and the values that it should have is self-taught
you dot table.
So the students table item at position I come to zero.
And from that I want to have the text.
Ok so what this will give me is pretty much the actual text of this item.
So let me just show you that real quick.
In my own safe Methot
So I'm just going to say 00.
And for now I'm going to comment this code out here.
So we've all run it.
I want you printed actually so I want to print the text content.
So now let me run it and I press a button and it gets it gives me John John John because John is this
entry here so each time I press this button I get John.
That's because John is at 00.
What is it 0 1.
Let's see that press it again we see we get those.
Now what is a zero to guested.
It's informatics.
OK so now we know how to get the different entries of the particular road.
We're looking at.
So now let me go all the way back came.
Now this line here will not be required anymore.
So now I'm just saying OK give me the name.
Come on then give me the last name and then give me the subject.
So I'm just saying one and two.
So this will be the first name last name subject and I is just going to be the role that we're currently
looking at.
So it goes through every single row and it's going to store every single row and row count.
And now what we can of course do is go ahead and instead of writing this Dennis Paiute a math entry
in there just right rockhound in it.
So for this for loop we just say Okay write every single entry into our writer or use our writer to
write it into our students Dotsie as we file.
And yeah I still have a little problem here because I enter rope around here instead of row content.
That's a problem with those two names being too similar to each other.
But now let's test it again.
And there we are so John Doe and so forth.
Now let's replace that with months pomos and Frank and Styne Frankenstein.
Now let's save it.
And we won't see if the saves were or save was made but what we can check out is our students the file
or C as we fall.
And as you can see there we have all of those values.
Now as we are using the append functionality it's always going to append a new.
Well it's going to take the old data and save it again so that we have kids all the time.
So now we're going to go back to double you to really make sure that we only have the ones that should
be in there.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to get rid of a bunch of entries.
I'm going to keep it this year so save this file and run our program again as you can see we have John
Doe with Eric Fisher with John Doe and with Eric Fisher twice and that is because we still have something
in qued Ed. So we still have those two entries.
So what we could do is we could get rid of those items and we just get rid of the two rows so we created
and then the items disappear as well.
OK so let's save this.
Let's go back to our program.
Let's rerun the builds pipeline and then go to our main.
So now we should only see those four entries and there we are.
So we have Jondo informatics.
Erica Fisher then is when you're done you can see now we could change the name to be written in capital
letters and actually saved the file.
And as you will see after I save it the students CBS we file has been changed as well.
Now let's run the application again.
OK now let's add a new entry Max.
And here this one will be Miller.
So Max Miller and he is the last of the two.
So the student philosophy.
Now let's save it close our app and as you can see our CCV file has been updated.
OK so that's pretty much what we needed to do.
And that's pretty much our whole exercise and the solution to our exercise.
And as you can see it's not that much code actually.
And we have pretty much created a whole tool with which we can take care of all of our students.
Now there's one last thing that I would like to show you and that is when we open our students CCV file
and we have something weird in there.
So let's say we have special characters.
I'm going to create another one max and I'm going to call him off.
So with a special character and this could be a different special character it doesn't have to be a
German one.
So I'm going to save this again and then let me run the file.
And yeah in my case it doesn't crash.
But in your case it could crash and it has to do with us not using the encoding so we could add encoding
UTF 8 or UGF minus.
And this really makes sure that we can use special characters as well.
But as it seems that the later versions get the more flexible they are and the more they have these
things built in.
But really to make sure add encoding UTF minus 8 in here in order to use special characters as well.
All right I hope you enjoy this challenge and I hope you were successful building it yourself.
And yeah that was pretty much it.